***PLEASE NOTE*** IF ORDERING TEXTBOOKS ONLINE, THEY ARE FOR IN-STORE PICK UP ONLY.  They will NOT be shipped.

Please make sure to select in-store pick up when checking out on shipping method page.

Textbook orders will take 48 hours to process.

If you do not receive a confirmation for your order PLEASE DO NOT re-submit your order, call 603-358-2651.

Online Merchandise Orders:

IF YOU ARE ORDERING A GIFT CERTIFICATE, PLEASE PUT THE NAME OF THE RECIPIENT IN THE COMMENTS SECTION.  THANK YOU

All shipping will be done through Federal Express delivery.
Fed Ex will not deliver to a P.O. Box number.

Rates for shipments outside the continental United States will be based on current Fed Ex shipping rates.

Normal shipping can take from 2 - 6 days.
Please allow 24 hours for processing.

Orders are processed only during our regular store hours.
Shipping fees are not refundable.

Return Policy
 
Return Authorization
 
All returns require prior authorization.  Please contact the bookstore at ckinsella@keene.edu or call us at 603-358-2245.
 
Receipt required

Shrink-wrapped bundles and textbooks are not returnable if the shrink wrap has been opened.
 
All returned merchandise must have a valid receipt.  The last day for returns/refunds will be listed on the receipt.
 
Software is not returnable.  
 
Some textbooks contain "pin numbers' or access codes for computer programs.  Once these numbers or codes are opened, they are not returnable.
 
 
Wrong item, size, or color
 
We will promptly replace or refund any merchandise that is the wrong item, size, or color.  Shipping is refundable only if the wrong merchandise results from an error by the bookstore.  If you made a mistake or have changed your mind, then you must pay for all shipping charges when returning the order.
 
Defective Merchandise
 
We will promptly replace or refund any merchandise that you receive that is damaged or defective.  We will credit the account used for the order for the cost of return shipping upon receipt of the damaged or defective merchandise.

Be sure to include your original receipt and your “return merchandise authorization number”.

 
Please ship returns to:
 
KSC Bookstore
MS 3101
229 Main St		
Keene NH  03435-3101